docs: additional policy, job run and Deny default sec group (#3783)
aws/copilot-cli: site/content/blogs/release-v120.en.md

* **Environment manifests**: You can now create and update environments with a [manifest file](../docs/manifest/environment.en.md) bringing all the benefits of infrastructure as code to environments. 
   [See detailed walkthrough](#environment-manifest) for how to migrate your existing environments.

> * **Additional policy to build role**: You can now specify additional policy for CodeBuild Build Project Role through pipeline manifest field `additional_policy`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Additional policy to build role**: You can now specify an additional policy for the CodeBuild Build Project Role through the pipeline manifest field `additional_policy`.
```

  [See detailed walkthrough](../docs/manifest/pipeline.en.md) for how to specify an additional policy document to add to the build project role. [(#3709)](https://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/pull/3709)

> * **`job run`**: Command now can be used to execute scheduled jobs.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
* **Invoke a scheduled job**: You can now execute an existing scheduled job ad hoc using the new `copilot job run` command.
```

  [(#3692)](https://github.com/aws/copilot-cli/pull/3692)

> * **Deny default sec group**: This change adds option to deny EnvironmentSecurityGroup which is applied by default on copilot service

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* **Deny default security group**: This change adds the option to deny other services in an environment access to your service.
```
maybe this sounds better? (tbh i don't know the feature super well so if i'm wrong pls ignore me)

Reviewer 2: Perhaps the following?
```suggestion
* **Deny default sec group**: Add an option `deny_default` to `security_groups` in service manifests to remove the EnvironmentSecurityGroup ingress that is applied by default.
```
It'd be awesome if we can link to the manifest fields here

Author: I don't see any changes in the docs/manifest to refer these flags to the manifest fields on our docs.
